Update of Performance docs (#2732)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/performance/index.mdx

---
title: Getting Started
sidebar_order: 20
description: "Learn how to enable performance monitoring in your app if it is not already set up."
redirect_from:
  - /platforms/javascript/performance/apm-to-tracing/
---

<Note>

If you haven't already installed the package to enable performance monitoring when you set up your SDK, you'll need to install the package separately as documented on this page.

</Note>

Performance monitoring augments your existing error data by capturing interactions among your software systems.

<Alert>

> Customers on any of our legacy plans will need to add transaction events to their subscription to access our performance monitoring features. For more details about access to these features, feel free to reach out at [performance-feedback@sentry.io](mailto:performance-feedback@sentry.io).

Reviewer: I updated this text in #2729
```suggestion
Customers on legacy plans must add transaction events to their subscription in order to access our performance monitoring features. For general questions about performance monitoring with Sentry and for information about how you can add transactions to your plan, please contact [support@sentry.io](mailto:support@sentry.io). To start a performance monitoring trial and for information on volume pricing, please contact [sales@sentry.io](mailto:sales@sentry.io).
```

Author: I saw that after I'd pushed this PR to GH. I'll pull it in here and you'll close 2729?

Author: nvm - I see 2729 is merged. I'll fix any conflicts.
